docs: add manifest interpolation (#2926)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/developing/manifest-env-var.en.md

> # Environment Variables in Manifest

Reviewer: nit:
(this one matches the subheadings on the env vars page with "my" but it seems a little odd to me)
```suggestion
# Environment Variables in My Manifest
```
or
```suggestion
# Environment Variables in the Manifest
```

## Shell environment variables
It’s possible to use environment variables in your shell to populate values in your manifest files:

``` yaml
image:
  location: id.dkr.ecr.zone.amazonaws.com/project-name:${TAG}
```

Suppose the shell has `TAG=version01`, the manifest example will be resolved as
```yaml
image:
  location: id.dkr.ecr.zone.amazonaws.com/project-name:version01
```
When Copilot defines the container, it will use the image located at `id.dkr.ecr.zone.amazonaws.com/project-name` and with tag `version01`.

!!! Info
    At this moment, you can only substitute shell environment variables for fields that accept strings, including `String` (e.g., `image.location`), `Array of Strings` (e.g., `entrypoint`), or `Map` where the value type is `String` (e.g., `secrets`).

## Predefined variables
Predefined variables are reserved variables that will be resolved by Copilot when interpreting the manifest. Currently, available predefined environment variables include:

- COPILOT_APPLICATION_NAME
- COPILOT_ENVIRONMENT_NAME

```yaml
secrets:

>    DB_PASSWORD: /copilot/my-app/${COPILOT_ENVIRONMENT_NAME}/secrets/db_password

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   DB_PASSWORD: /copilot/${COPILOT_APPLICATION_NAME}/${COPILOT_ENVIRONMENT_NAME}/secrets/db_password
```

```

Copilot will substitute `${COPILOT_APPLICATION_NAME}` and `${COPILOT_ENVIRONMENT_NAME}` with the names of the application and the environment where the workload is deployed. For example, when you run
```
$ copilot svc deploy --app my-app --env test
```
to deploy the service to the `test` environment in your `my-app` application, Copilot will resolve `/copilot/${COPILOT_APPLICATION_NAME}/${COPILOT_ENVIRONMENT_NAME}/secrets/db_password` to `/copilot/my-app/test/secrets/db_password`. (For more information of secret injection, see [here](../developing/secrets.en.md)).

> !!! Alert

Reviewer 2: What do you think of removing this alert? I think if they override they'll run into the error -- otherwise I feel like this might scare people for no reason 😅

# Environment Variables in Manifest

There are multiple scenarios that you might want to use environment variables in your [manifest](../manifest/overview.en.md). This page should help you find the information you need.

> 

Reviewer 3: I feel like we can ditch this line as it basically says nothing 🤣 
```suggestion
```

Author: :homer-hiding-away:

## Shell environment variables
It’s possible to use environment variables in your shell to populate values in your manifest files:

``` yaml
name: my-service
type: Load Balanced Web Service
image:
  location: id.dkr.ecr.zone.amazonaws.com/project-name:${TAG}

>   port: 3333

Reviewer 3: What do you think of just giving a partial manifest to reduce the noise in the example?
```suggestion
image:
  location: id.dkr.ecr.zone.amazonaws.com/project-name:${TAG}
```

Reviewer 3: We can elaborate a bit more, for example:

Suppose the shell contains `TAG=version01`, the manifest example will be interpreted as (or "resolved to", not sure which wording is better) 

```
image:
  location: id.dkr.ecr.zone.amazonaws.com/project-name:version01
```
When Copilot defines the container, it will use the image located at "id.dkr.ecr.zone.amazonaws.com/project-name" and tagged with "version01".

```

!!! Info

>     At this stage, the value of an environment variable needs strictly to be a `string`. For example, Copilot won't automatically convert, let say "8080", to 8080 for your `port`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
At this moment, you can only substitute shell environment variables for places that accept strings, including fields that accept a `String` (e.g. `image.location`), an `Array of Strings` (e.g. `entrypoint`), or `Map` where the value should be interpreted as `String` (e.g. `secrets`).

As a counter example, you can't substitute environment variables for the `image.port` field, which accepts an `Integer`.
```

## Predefined variables

> Predefined variables are reserved environment variables resolved by Copilot before your manifest deployment:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Predefined variables are reserved variables that will be resolved by Copilot when interpreting the manifest.
```
I think we should avoid mentioning `environment` here because Copilot doesn't set these variables in their shell. We don't want user to think that we alter their local environment in any unexpected way.

```yaml
secrets:
   DB_PASSWORD: /copilot/my-app/${COPILOT_ENVIRONMENT_NAME}/secrets/db_password
environments:
    prod:
      secrets:
          <specific environment variable for prod>
    dev:
      secrets:

>           <specific environment variable for dev>

Reviewer 3: nit: I feel like only this segment is related to the topic - 
```suggestion
secrets:
   DB_PASSWORD: /copilot/${COPILOT_APPLICATION_NAME}/${COPILOT_ENVIRONMENT_NAME}/secrets/db_password
```

Reviewer 3: We can elaborate a bit more:

Copilot will substitute `${COPILOT_APPLICATION_NAME}` and `${COPILOT_ENVIRONMENT_NAME}` with the names of the application and the environment where the workload is being deployed. For example, when you run `copilot svc deploy --app my-app --env test` to deploy the service to the `test` environment in your `my-app` application, Copilot will resolve `/copilot/${COPILOT_APPLICATION_NAME}/${COPILOT_ENVIRONMENT_NAME}/secrets/db_password` to `/copilot/my-app/test/secrets/db_password`. (For more information of how secret injection works, see [here](link to secrets page)).

```

Currently, available predefined environment variables include:

- COPILOT_APPLICATION_NAME

> - COPILOT_ENVIRONMENT_NAME

Reviewer 3: We should probably move this block above the example block, so that when people see `COPILOT_APPLICATION_NAME` and `COPILOT_ENVIRONMENT_NAME` in the example, they know instantly what they are.

Perhaps with a brief description of what these variable names resolve to as well.

Author: +1 to above

> Perhaps with a brief description of what these variable names resolve to as well.

I think the name should be descriptive enough.

!!! Alert

>     :warning: Predefined variables are not allowed to be overridden.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    :warning: You cannot override a predefined variable with your shell environment variable. 
    
    For example, you cannot set `COPILOT_APPLICATION_NAME` to `my-other-app` in your shell environment, and run `copilot svc deploy --app my-app`.  `COPILOT_APPLICATION_NAME` will always resolve to the actual name of the application that the workload is deployed to (in this example, "my-app"), disregarding the shell environment.
```
